[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece,
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven
to be the end of road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became
rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In the two
years that have passed
since the War of the
Best in Marineford
the Straw Hat Pirates underwent
special training before
returning to the
Sabaody Archipelago.
Now, in order to progress
to the New World,
Luffy and his crew have
arrived at Fishman Island,
thousands of feet
below sea level.
However, they were attacked
by the New Fishman Pirates,
causing them to become
separated yet again.
[NARRATOR] In this time of need,
mermaids managed to rescue
some of the crew and bring
them safely to Camie's home.
[ISHILLY screams]
No! What did I do?
We don't have time!
Guys, this is serious!
Please, I'm begging you!
Whatever it takes!
I can't let my friend die!
[LUFFY] "The Fishman Island
Will Be Annihilated?!
Sharley's Prophecy!"
[LUFFY] We need help!
My friend is dying!
Can anyone give him blood?
Human or fishman!
S RH negative is his type!
He doesn't have much time!
Please, we're begging you!
[GROUP]
Help him!
[FISHMEN, MERFOLK murmuring]
Poor thing. I'm sorry.
This is a bad place for a human
to get a blood transfusion.
But, I'm sure Luffy- chin
and your friends
will figure something out!
[LUFFY panting]
Damn it!
No matter who we ask,
there isn't anyone here
who'll give him blood! C'mon!
[USOPP] I refuse to give up!
Sanji's counting on us!
There's gotta be somebody!
All right! Luffy!
I found some humans here!
[MERMAIDS giggling]
Hey, that barrel over there
is the one that drifted
in with all Camie's
friends, right?
What's in it? Maybe treasure?
Uh... I don't know.
It's sealed pretty tightly,
so it's gotta be important.
Yeah? I think we should open it.
Me, too. What if it
needs to go in the fridge?
Good point.
Wow. Talk about well-prepared.
Way to go!
[MERMAIDS laugh]
[SANJI grunting]
Hey, Sanji! Are you awake?
Talk to us.
Where am I?
[CHOPPER sighs]
You pulled through!
We're safe in a town
right by the harbor.
I was scared.
You almost lost all
the blood in your body.
I was starting to think
we'd never find you a donor.
That was a real close call.
That so? Wow.
What in the hell happened to me?
[CAMIE] You shouldn't be
sitting up so quickly!
You need to rest!
I just don't get it.
I mean, the fish
could've given blood.
But, no, instead we had
to run all over town
looking for another human,
which took forever!
I know. Right?
I was starting
to lose hope there.
[SANJI]
I'm sorry.
I appreciate what
you did, though.
But, I just don't remember much.
Why'd this happen?
Where was I, and
what was I doing?
When I think about it,
it's all a big blur.
[GROUP gasps]
--[LUFFY yells]
--[USOPP] No!
[BOTH]
Let it go already!
If you try to force the
memories, you could relapse!
Oh, yeah! I almost
forgot, Sanji.
You haven't met your donors.
So here. Say, "hi."
And also "thank you."
Wait.
Could my savior have
been a dainty girl?
[VOICE 529A laughs]
Don't worry. We're only human.
After all, if we don't look out
for each other, who will?
Don't worry, babe.
If you want...
[BOTH]
...we can give you more!
[SANJI screams]
[laughs] Looks like he's
back to his old self!
[gasps]
[USOPP]
That's not exactly gratitude.
Luffy.
Can I see the cut on your
arm for a second, please?
[LUFFY]
Uh?
It's positive. Thought so.
Luffy. That wound's poisonous!
Oh, wow. Really?
That musta been the
sting I felt earlier.
One of the fishmen got me.
[USOPP]
You don't seem poisoned.
You feeling okay?
Yeah!
[CHOPPER] Either way,
we should be careful.
This stuff's probably deadly.
You sure you're all right?
[LUFFY]
Yup.
Wow. So weird.
It sounds crazy, but you
must have somehow developed
an antibody to fight against
this kind of stuff.
Tell me.
Have you ever experienced a
poisoning like this in the past?
Let's see...
[LUFFY] Yeah, back when
I was at Impel Down,
I almost got killed that way.
[laughs]
That is not funny! At all.
Yeah! It is!
I bet it was that
octopus swordsman.
I mean, he blocked my punch.
So he's gotta be strong.
No prob. Next time,
I'll be ready.
[MERMAIDS scream]
Huh?
They're so loud.
I think that came
from by that cove.
Don't care. I've got
bigger problems.
These guys are
messed up real bad.
And what's worse,
Straw Hat got poisoned, too.
I'm dead if he dies. [hiccups]
I'm positive I heard their
screams come from here.
Ishilly!
[SORA, KAIREN]
Where are you?
[SEIRA]
This is where I saw them last.
But where in the world
could they have gone?
[ADELE] Did anyone else
hear them say something
about opening up a barrel?
[CAMIE] Hey, Luffy- chin ,
Usopp- chin , come here.
There's someone I'd
like you to meet.
[LUFFY, USOPP]
Huh?
She's the owner of this place.
--She okayed Sanji resting here.
--[LUFFY] Look at this thing!
The Madam Sharley.
[LUFFY]
Cool, thanks and stuff.
[SHARLEY chuckles] Has the blond
boy's condition improved at all?
[CAMIE]
Yup!
But it's best he doesn't meet
you because you're so beautiful.
Right? That would be bad.
Also, we probably
shouldn't tell him
he's in the back
of the Mermaid Café.
Not if we want him to get well.
[SHARLEY]
Why keep it a secret?
'Cause doctor's orders!
Chopper's pretty sure that
if Sanji- chin finds out,
he's gonna have a bad relapse.
What a strange prognosis.
[LUFFY]
Hey, big lady. Fish lady!
Wow. That was rude. Come on.
Tell me what this is!
It's beautiful!
[SHARLEY] It's also not
on the list of things
you're allowed to touch.
Oh, that?
You're looking at Madam
Sharley's crystal ball.
With it, she can see the future.
Her precognitive visions
are why she's famous.
Well, it used to be.
Not anymore.
[gasps]
The future isn't ours
to know. Right?
Sounds rough.
Oh, by the way, how do
mermaids take a dump?
We are not talking about
mermaid poop again!
Don't you have any class?
Guys, apologize! Quickly!
[BOTH]
Sorry.
[SHARLEY] Why don't you take
the rest of the day off, Camie.
I think your friends would
appreciate a tour of the island.
Really? You sure?
[SHARLEY]
It's fine.
You deserve it, seeing as
you're always working so hard.
Besides, business has been slow
with human guests so
uncommon these days.
So we have to be
extra good hosts.
The girls from the cove
should show up soon.
Then we'll have more hands
around here than a starfish.
"More than... starfish?"
Oh, that's right! Crap!
I should have already delivered
Pappagu's clams by now!
Wow. I have no idea
what's going on.
I bet he's getting mad
waiting for his food.
Not quite. He's
enjoying the café.
An old friend of his
suddenly came into town,
and they've been living
it up since he arrived.
Wait, he's here?
[BOTH]
Well, that makes things easy.
[CAMIE] I didn't wanna bring
this up in front of her,
but Madam told me
a lot of stories
from when she was little.
She said, in those days,
human pirates came to
the island all the time.
But that was quite a while ago.
About a year before the
Great Pirate Era began.
[BOTH yelp]
[CAMIE] It's hard for her to
talk about things sometimes.
Especially when she
foresees bad stuff,
like the war at Marineford
and Whitebeard's death.
[LUFFY, USOPP]
What?!
[CAMIE] Can you imagine knowing
something horrible will happen
that you can't stop?
[USOPP]
That must be terrifying!
[LUFFY]
Hey, where's Chopper?
[USOPP] Oh, he said he
was gonna hang out here
and look after Sanji.
[CAMIE]
C'mon, you two! Hurry up!
[USOPP, LUFFY]
'Kay!
Right now, we're on
what's considered
Coral Hill's main street.
And that is the primary
entrance to the Mermaid Café.
[USOPP, LUFFY laugh]
Man! Thought I was
gonna starve to death!
They might only serve snacks.
No. You're good.
We've got cakes and
sea fruit, too.
[LUFFY]
And meat?
Uh, no.
We merfolk don't really
eat meat and fish.
But we have Wakame Brûlée,
Mozuku Tarts, Kelp Soufflé...
You call that food?
Wait! We do have some meat!
From shellfish!
Scallop Sandwiches,
Clam Pizza, and--
Those give meat a bad name!
Stop! Talking!
Whoa. Okay. Be cool.
Let's just go inside.
Yeah. Let's all
go find Pappagu.
Shellfish! What the hell
kind of crap is that?
[MERMAIDS]
Thank you very much!
[PAPPAGU]
Yeah!
[GROUP gasps]
[BROOK]
Time to give the dogfish a bone!
Gotta love the fans, huh?
[BROOK laughs]
[BOTH]
Oh, wow, it's Brook!
Hooray!
Huh? Luffy and Usopp!
And Camie, you've become
such a lovely young lady.
Now, may I please
see your panties.
Mermaids don't wear those!
Hey, guys!
You have no idea how
much I've missed you!
Why didn't you tell me
you were coming?
Hey, Pappagu! Sorry
it's been so long!
I guess that makes you Pappagu's
"old friend" we heard about.
Yes. Though, I wish the reunion
had better circumstances.
'Cause without him, I'd be sunk!
[laughs]
[PAPPAGU]
Don't let the laugh fool you--
he means that literally.
There I was, hard at
work by the cove,
finalizing a design idea I had,
when all of a sudden,
a pile of bones went
drifting by on a log!
Huh?
[PAPPAGU screams]
Bone Daddy!
[BROOK laughs]
Come see us again! 'Kay?
I had a great time, Soul King!
[laughs] I'll be back,
lovely ladies!
Lots of bones to go around!
What?!
I've gone limp!
[BROOK yelps]
No I haven't. Ha!
Skeletons are always rigid!
Ah, good thing I'm already dead,
or I would probably die
of embarrassment right now!
[MERMAIDS]
Oh, you!
This café has really
put Brook in rare form.
Yeah, whatever's goin' on
inside must be awesome!
Hold up there, boss!
[LUFFY, USOPP]
Huh?
[PAPPAGU]
What're ya in such a hurry for?
I know you're interested
in the café, and I get that,
but it's not like
it's going anywhere.
Let's come back when
you have your whole crew.
Bone-Daddy and I were just
about to head back to my place.
Why don't you guys come with us?
If you do, you can eat all
the sea king meat you want!
Did you say "meat?"
Yeah, I did! I'm a
wild animal! Ya feel me?
It's not like I eat
boring shellfish.
I need food with
a little more bite.
Sea monster exclusive diet!
Oh! By the way,
I brought your order of clams!
Sweet! My favorite
treat is finally here!
[USOPP]
Ha! So much for your diet!
Oh, man!
[SANJI groans]
Beautiful Mermaid.
[BLOND DONOR]
Yes?
[yells]
Lovely Mermaids. So sweet!
[BOTH]
You okay, hun?
[screams]
This sucks. Hope they're
having better luck.
Look, Merfolk are the only
ones who don't eat meat.
Fishmen eat the stuff
all the time!
So it's not like you
can't get it here,
it's just not as common.
[LUFFY]
Yes! That's great!
[PAPPAGU] Man, it's about
time one of them showed up.
Hey, taxi!
Hey. Wait a minute!
[gasps] Vander Decken!
Thought so!
But why is there a wanted
poster for a ghost?
[USOPP]
Yeah!
Wasn't this guy on the
haunted ship we saw?
You saw him? For real?
[BROOK]
Uh-huh.
No way! Whoa!
Our nation's been looking
for him for years now!
The dude's a pirate and
a no-good undersea thief.
I'll tell you all
about it on the trip.
Let's load up and go!
Story goes, Vander
Decken was hard up.
The guy was totally
head-over-heels
for the Mermaid Princess
of the Ryugu Kingdom.
He was so desperate,
he sent love letters daily.
Stalkery, y'know?
Gave up letters. Started sending
gifts instead. Then threats.
--Wanted to marry her.
--[BOTH] ...so soft and fluffy!
Feels great!
And springy! Bouncy! Bouncy!
[PAPPAGU]
Are you even listening to me?
[USOPP, LUFFY]
Sure!
Sorry about that.
Ahem. Because his advances
started to become so violent,
the Mermaid Princess got scared.
And so of course, the stalker
became a national concern!
Yeah! But that was
just the beginning!
Her father,
King Neptune, got mad,
which led to him sending the
three princes you saw earlier
off to hunt Vander Decken.
But even with the army,
they can't find him.
Oh, c'mon, Camie.
You stole all my thunder.
By the way! King Neptune's
the God of the Sea!
Plus he's in control
of this country.
If that's not enough
responsibility,
he has four children
to take care of!
The Mermaid Princess
is the youngest,
so, obviously, the three
princes are the older kids
in the royal family.
Please. I got this.
Great. But, something
still doesn't make sense.
[LUFFY]
What's goin' on down there?
If he isn't a ghost, I imagine
he's a few hundred years old.
At least!
[PAPPAGU]
Huh. You're right,
that doesn't make sense.
That is, unless,
you ignore the rumors.
Now there's no denying
that he existed.
But the truth of the matter is
that the legendary sea captain
Vander Decken died sometime
after he arrived here
on Fishman Island and hasn't
been heard from since.
That said, the ship
you say you saw
probably was the
Flying Dutchman , but...
It's his descendant
who's on board!
He's--!
He's Vander Decken the Ninth!
Wow! That's a lot!
Well, I have to say,
it's a relief to find out
he's not a ghost after all.
Believing we had come
into contact with someone
from the afterlife was making me
contemplate my own mortality.
And considering I'm a skeleton,
I don't have much of that left.
I just wanted to tell
an exciting story.
Man. I thought
Merfolk and Fishmen
all looked the same, but the
more I see, the less they do.
[USOPP] Check out those
old ones down there!
Their fins are split
like Granny Kokoro!
See those babies?
Right there.
[LUFFY, USOPP]
Huh?
[PAPPAGU] You'll notice
the father is a Fishman,
but the children are
a mix of both species.
That's because when
a Mermaid and a Fishman
love each other very much
and decide to get busy,
their kids can come out
looking like either parent.
Bam. Four possibilities
for the happy family.
Oh. That's why they
all look different.
So cool!
All right, we finally
made it to the highway!
[LUFFY] Whoa! This is fast!
What's up with that place?
[PAPPAGU] Oh. Nothing,
it's a candy factory.
[LUFFY]
Really?
Then why's there
a pirate flag on it?
Oh, that? That flag's
everywhere here.
By the entrance and the
harbor. It's a big deal!
And for good reason at that.
It symbolizes that
we're protected.
Y'see, the flag belongs
to a famous pirate
named Charlotte Linlin
of the New World.
But she's better known as Big
Mom, one of the Four Emperors!
Whoa. That's no joke.
Ah. Back before
the War in Marineford,
Whitebeard was this
island's guardian,
but now that he's dead, someone
else had to take his place.
And that someone
happened to be her.
Okay.
[PAPPAGU] The thing is, she
demands a whole ton of candy
in exchange for her services.
Hence the factory
that you just saw.
That's weird.
This country wouldn't
be able to survive
without the protection of
powerful people like her.
After all, this is a dangerous
place where pirates come and go,
and more often than not,
they aren't very friendly.
Yeah, I guess.
Plus, she's filling in
where Whitebeard left off,
so that's gotta mean she's
a good person, doesn't it?
[PAPPAGU]
Depends on how you look at it.
Whitebeard never
asked for anything
in return for his protection.
Big Mom, on the other hand,
treats it like a business
rather than a charity.
Still. That's cool.
An Emperor. Like Shanks! Crazy!
Hope I get to meet her.
Eyes forward!
This is where all the
celebrity-types live:
Fishverly Hills!
[CAMIE] That tall building right
in front is Pappagu's house,
where we're going!
[GROUP]
All that for one starfish?
[SHARLEY screams]
We have to do something!
We can't let this happen!
That's Madam Sharley
from the café.
What's the matter?
Please. Please tell us.
What's wrong? Why are you upset?
Something must be done.
Now, before it's too late!
Uh. Sure. What do we do?
[SHARLEY panting]
[SHARLEY] Find him!
The pirate boy in a straw hat!
It's an emergency!
He must leave the country!
Now! There's no time!
Wait. You're having
a premonition?
I swore I wouldn't
use this power.
But something about
that boy felt off to me.
I... I had no choice
but to look into the future!
What's going to happen?
Tell us! What did you see?
[MERMAID 529A]
We have to know!
Sharley! Tell us!
[FISHMAN 529AA]
Madam!
[FISHMAN 529BB]
Please!
I hope I'm wrong,
and that it won't happen!
[gasps]
[SHARLEY] I saw him clearly,
surrounded by flames.
Because of Straw Hat Luffy,
Fishman Island,
our country will be...
[SHARLEY]
...destroyed!
[NARRATOR]
Beneath its dazzling exterior,
Fishman Island hides
a dark history.
Harboring an age-old grudge,
the residents of the island
prepare to take action.
Meanwhile, Luffy and friends
cause a commotion
at Pappagu's shop, and have
an unexpected encounter
with Neptune, King
of Fishman Island.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The King of the Fishman Island!
Neptune, the God of the Sea!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!